GitHub Actionsのワークフローで 適切なmelosバージョンを利用するよう修正 (#161)
yumemi-inc/flutter-mobile-project-template: docs/GET_STARTED.md

    - [Xcode]
- Enable the [fvm] command.
- Enable the [melos] command.

>     - If you don't have [yq], please install it. [yq] is used to parse the version of melos in the installation command.

Reviewer: ![imo-badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-imo-skyblue.svg) 
I think it might be a little hard to understand.

![ask-badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-ask-yellowgreen.svg) 
How about doing it like this?
```suggestion
    - Please install the [yq] command if it is not already installed. The yq command is used to parse the `pubspec.lock` file to extract the version of the melos command.
```

Author: 見返すと確かに分かりにくい表現になっていました。
suggestion使わせていただきました ありがとうございます。

>     - Then, run the following command to install melos.

Reviewer: ![imo-badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-imo-skyblue.svg) 
Personally, I thought the expression "globally activate" was more appropriate than "install."

```suggestion
    - Then, run the following command to globally activate the melos command.
```

Author: 見返すと確かに分かりにくい表現になっていました。
suggestion使わせていただきました ありがとうございます。
